Additional doc on periodic tasks (#291)
peopledoc/procrastinate: docs/howto/cron.rst

period, even with multiple workers. This means that you can have high availability
periodic scheduling: as long as at least one worker is up, the tasks will be deferred.

The cron syntax is on 5 columns (minute, hour, day, month, day of week). Here, an
optional 6th column is supported for seconds with the same syntax, allowing you to make
a periodic task as frequent as "1 per second".

Caveats
-------

When using periodic tasks there are a few things to know:

- Tasks are periodically **deferred** but their execution time depends on the state of
  your queue. If your workers are overwhelmed with long tasks, periodic executions could
  be delayed. Use queues to arbitrate task executions between workers and ensure a

>   timely execution.

Reviewer: I am not sure about the value added by this last sentence in this context.

> - Workers are responsible for scheduling tasks. If not a single worker is running, then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Workers are responsible for deferring periodic tasks. If not a single worker is running, then
```

Reviewer: And I'd say "If no workers are running" or "If no worker is running"

  running, then periodic tasks will not get scheduled. On the other hand, even if you
  have multiple workers, periodic tasks will only be deferred once per period.
- If a worker is occupied by a long-standing synchronous task, it will not be available
  to defer periodic tasks. If you use sync tasks, ensure that at least one of your

>   workers is executing tasks that are usually shorter to run than your shortest periodic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  workers executes tasks that are usually shorter to run than your shortest periodic
```

Author: "is assigned"

Author: Woops, forgot to push the commit that fixed this.

  task interval. This is especially true for tasks that run every second.

> - When a worker wakes up, it will defer periodic tasks that have not been defered yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a worker wakes up, it will defer periodic tasks that have not been deferred yet
```

Author: One day, I'll know how to write deferring/deferred.

  but:

  - Only a single job for each task will be deferred (if a task is scheduled to run
    every minute, and it missed 5 minutes, when the first worker starts, it will only
    defer the last missed task, not the 4 previous ones).

>   - A task that is more than 10 minutes left will not be launched. This value is

Reviewer: s/left/late ?
